The Joe Rogan experience. That's one of the culture shock things for me,
when I first moved to America, it was that, you know,
I think a lot of American kids were told like participation trophy culture. Yes.
A lot of them were told that they were the best. Like, you know, like Tommy,
like you are, you know, they're nothing you can do. Yeah.
You're just like so amazing. And I'm like, do these people, well,
it's like American idol. You know, we used to get the, uh,
the seasons in Singapore too. And it's like, just people can't sing.
And that's actually why they're putting them on. They're awful. Yeah.
And nobody told them like, are you telling me that? Like,
they've been telling their friends, oh, I'm practicing. I'm going on.
American idol. Did nobody tell them that, bro,
like you should just be singing English shower. Nobody told.
Them there's a couple things going on. First of all,
some of those people are trolls.
They're going on that they know they suck and they're going on because they're
gonna get on TV. And the best way to get on TV is actually to suck America.
There's.
No, there's no concept of shame. Like.
They want do it. They want to be on TV. Look, I used to host fear factor.
Don't talk to me about shame. Okay. I, I understand there's no shame in that.
That's.
Shame in attempting to eat bull testicle. Actually I think that's heroic.
It's definitely.
Not heroic. And it's now a show on food network, right? <laugh>.
Well, bull testicles are actually a common food. Yeah. Yeah.
Rocky mountain oysters gross stuff is they don't taste bad.
Bull testicles does not taste bad. They're actually they,
the way they cook 'em they cook 'em well they're actually okay.
But there's on there's there's no shame in doing something that most people are
fearful.
About. The, the singing thing what's going on is first of all,
there's a lot of those people that are mentally ill. That's part of the problem.
A lot of those people are delusional. They're mentally ill.
They have like legitimate mental health issues and then they go and sing and
they sound terrible. And no one tells them because they don't have any friends.
So the reasons why.
I think, I think there's a happy, medium. See, the thing is, you know,
if you go up in Asia,
you're told that you're just a dumb all the time and you're kind kind of
constantly beat down. You know, if you come home with like 99,
over a hundred for your math exam, your parents are not gonna say, pat, pat,
well done. You're they're gonna say, where was that one point?
What did you do wrong? And again,
you do not doubt that they love you and care for you. That's just how it is.
They're just hardcore. And, and so you kind of internalize that and,
and have very low self-esteem and you know, in general, like,
but you kind of know your limitations, right? That's the problem. Like when I,
when I moved here was that I realized like a lot of the kids I went to school
with, man, I wish they had their confidence. You know, it's like, they are,
they inflated sense of self worth was, was just so big.
But sometimes it allowed them to get the good jobs.
It allowed them to ACE the interview.
They don't have to do stupid things like drink this and get nervous.
You don't catch, don't have to do that either.
<Laugh> I grew up around a lot of Koreans because I,
I did TaeKwonDo from the time I was, uh, young. I did too far. Well,
and they are, I mean, I,
I thought I knew what hard work was until I was around these people.
And I was like, oh, you can.
Never outwork. Yeah.
Koreans who? And, uh, my friend ick, who was on the, uh,
us national team when I was, uh, younger, was in medical school.
So he was going through his residency and training to be on the national team.
So while he was studying, he would put his backpack on,
fill his backpack up with books and run up the stairs of, uh,
the university run up and down stairs to get some additional workouts in.
He was trying to train for the us team with, while he was doing his residency.
That's, we're, it's insane, insane. He was crazy.
He would sleep three hours a night.
And he was like one of the best TaeKwonDo fighters in the world. And, uh,
it was all through sheer will and deter. But,
but he was explaining that to me about what it was like growing up is like,
you are never good. Never, never there's nothing ever good enough, you know,
no matter what you do, you could have done better. Exactly.
You could work harder. You could always do more.
Yeah, no, I mean, it's, it's unforgiving,
but it's one of those things that it's a good illusion.
It's it's I think a very healthy illusion to have that like work equals success.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> right. And, and that's why I think, you know,
people of Asian descent generally have pretty primed to, to,
to buy into the Republican, uh, politics. Right, right. Of,
of pull yourself up by your bootstraps. You don't need handouts.
The harder you work, the more likely you gonna achieve something. Um,
that's why there's just such a natural, you know, ally, in terms of the, as a,
to rely on this group block as a political group. Well.
That's UN disgusted racism in academics is
the way Asian people are treated when they're applying for major universities.
Yeah. Particularly for Harvard. Like they, they literally,
you have to score higher if you're Asian. Yeah.
Because there's so many Asian people that get in, they made it more difficult.
Yeah. Which.
Is I'm trying to manage that. Yeah. I mean, it's.
Not a meritocracy anymore. Like you've,
you've decided that they have to do better. Right, right. Than white people,
they have to do better than everybody else, which is crazy.
Yeah.
I think the insidious thing in particular about the Harvard case was that they
started downgrading Asians on personality. I mean, that's the part it's like,
okay, fine. You, you wanna say that, like maybe, you know, we don't want, uh,
we won't, we wanna like lower the scores a little for other groups and,
and you know, but why, but then to downgrade this personality,
that's a part that, that bothered me.
How did they do a, a downgrade personality? What was,
what was the method that they used to do that?
So they said, okay, we're not just gonna rely on standardized tests. Okay.
That's the thing like standardized tests, you know, they they're, they, they,
the, they can be easily gamed. That was the idea that like,
you can just go for more tuition, extra classes and you'll do well. Well,
we care about the holistic, uh, package of the applicant.
So you wanna see more personality. Ultimately, this is about, you know,
like what Aristotle called the telos, right?
What is the TES of higher education?
What's the ultimate goal or essence of higher education?
Is it to just produce perfect cogs in the machine of the global economy?
Or is it, you know, to produce, uh, engaged citizens or whatever it is, right.
Like, so however you define that question,
what's the purpose of higher education. You could tailor your, um,
entrance methods to meet that. And in Harvard's case, they decided, well,
you know, we're going to, instead of just looking at, uh, your GPA,
your, um, essay, we want to see, we wanna interview the person,
wanna see what your personality's like, can you thrive at Harvard?
Are you gonna be a good contributing me member of, of this university socially?
Yeah, exactly. And you know, this,
one of the areas in which consistently looked like the Asian population that was
applying to, to Harvard was downgraded in that score.
They scored really high when it came to like extracurriculars academics,
they were so strong on, on S a piece and, and, you know,
all these other standardized tests, but when it came to personality,
they were very consistently downgraded.
So do you think that that characteristic like that, the seeking out that was,
that was applied specifically to try to limit the amount of Asian people?
Cause that's the argument, right.
Um, you know, I, I dunno if it was done specifically for, for that,
but I think Harvard has a, again,
monoculture suck in general. So, you know, if you're going to,
even for me, like I was coming to, to study in America, like, you know,
10,000 miles away, right. From the place I grew up,
I don't really wanna go to school with a lot of Asians cuz like I could have
just stayed there frankly. But I, I was looking for, for,
for something that wasn't a monoculture, you have to just expand your mind.
Right. Right. So at the end of the day,
the issue with Harvard is that it was taking federal money.
And if you see Harvard as a stepping stone to a career, to a future,
it is unfair. It is kind of unfair if they were penalizing you,
but based on race, that's the hard part of proof, right?
Whether or not this was personality or race or some sort of, you know,
other thing that they were selecting for that happened to correlate with race.
That's the part that that's.
Hard to prove.
So is it possible that they were just trying to enhance the way people
communicate on campus? And so they sort of emphasized personality,
emphasize social,
social interactions and in doing so they penalized Asians without being
aware.
Of it. Yeah. Kind of. I mean, to be, to be honest, like, you know,
when I was in college, I only did my first jello shot like a couple weeks ago.
And a couple weeks ago now. Yes. Okay.
But I, I was that typical? You.
Don't need to do gel shots to be in call, was.
On fame. Okay. No. Okay. Not that, but I didn't,
I didn't have the typical college experience. You didn't party UN party. Okay.
Um, and, and I think a lot of, you know,
a lot of international students who come from Asia,
we we'll probably fall into the same, um, habits. Like we're kind of like,
you know, we've been told that there's only one way to succeed,
work hard and Summa cam LA and all these things. Right. So,
so a lot of us kind of are, are culturally aligned on that and, and,
you know, be,
do we contribute to campus in the same way that your active student union leader
would who's involved in other curriculars? I don't, you know, I don't know.
So would Harvard want a diversity of, of behaviors and interests?
Yeah, probably. Yes. You know,
you don't want all these like boring stem people walking out, but.
You want all kinds of different stuff.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and you also want people that raise the bar really high in
terms of performance.
You do. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, that's, that's that,
that enhances other people's understanding of what's possible.
But as a private institution, you can,
you can make your student population up the way you want. Right. Yeah.
That's why you have what Liberty university, which is Jerry Falwell. Yeah.
And it's for Christians. Mm-hmm <affirmative> cause,
but it's a private institution. They're not taking money from the government.
So that's fine. Unlike UC Berkeley state institution, um,
they abolish affirmative action, UCLA,
all the UCS did look at the population it's 70,
80% Asian interesting.
In California.
Yeah.
Why is that.
Be, this is the uncomfortable, you know, this is the part where we just,
you know, like I don't wanna, I it's safety.
I don't know because they kick. They work harder. Yeah. It's,
they're more dedicated, more disciplined.
People are very uncomfortable to talk about differences in group up outcome
mm-hmm <affirmative> because we have to kind of make everybody right.
The same or else there must be some sort of systematic thing. But I think.
That Asians, because they're so hard work and because they don't complain this,
they get people get away with this stuff where they get away with
discrimination against them.
I think they're starting to complain. That's why the lawsuits were, were filed.
So they are starting to.
But it's like, it took that to like, all right, you.
And there's actually quite a big pro-Trump Asian American voting block. Mm.
You know, interesting. And this, this,
this particular issue of affirmative action is really driven. A lot of Asians,
right. Word, um, in New York city that has happened to under de Bellagio.
Really? Yeah. Cause of the public school situation there, what,
what is the same thing? They, they want to lower, you know,
basically in terms of the, the public high schools, mm-hmm <affirmative> um,
they, they wanna Institute the same policies. Affirmative action.
So that's, that's becoming an issue.